Training on GPU!
CharRNN(
  (lstm): LSTM(65, 256, num_layers=2, batch_first=True, dropout=0.5)
  (dropout): Dropout(p=0.5, inplace=False)
  (fc): Linear(in_features=256, out_features=65, bias=True)
)
Epoch 0 completed. Loss = 3.3263...
Epoch 1 completed. Loss = 2.8872...
Epoch 2 completed. Loss = 2.4858...
Epoch 3 completed. Loss = 2.3018...
Epoch 4 completed. Loss = 2.1901...
Epoch 5 completed. Loss = 2.0957...
Epoch 6 completed. Loss = 2.0187...
Epoch 7 completed. Loss = 1.9634...
Epoch 8 completed. Loss = 1.9139...
Epoch 9 completed. Loss = 1.8758...
Epoch 10 completed. Loss = 1.8337...
Epoch 11 completed. Loss = 1.8100...
Epoch 12 completed. Loss = 1.7853...
Epoch 13 completed. Loss = 1.7539...
Epoch 14 completed. Loss = 1.7393...
QUEEN:
Thou hadth how that he caunted to the solled;
Warry what all the weep of the say
Wonget of thas treight, should he hand here,
And a sollous brother things thy love on the pation.
I would seld the course aring, which thit the pearing, and me to his strese,
An that have stord thou he shall brother,
All my hims all hath as stored and so what we was
A montan tooth, and are markel all.

CLERENDE:
And so may, and my bring and be heart
And whose thas the corman that him should art
That made my patine all the seevart
Though and have the pains, and to be this tones.

PETRUCHIO:
And my hadd thee trattar,
I were all think, and should true, my house our,
And heaves his farish in strise.

MINANES:
He hast teld your foresed, as your comply tith,
And send it was my luking his comminds.

BIANCA:
I will so marred her as, so, some
And whish a marst and arming of the bear,
Thou that me arrort on the complined to me;
Wilt have though with a word as seeds with her;
Tear the bing her strong of home, at have thy lets,
The stoming and to they wink of the peiry strange
And haste, which mert serve think it.

LUCENTIO:
Why, saik to my leeter to my lords:
That more surs and all server the bears
And trent to her that thy forture that should
Itam to the courded and the word and honour head.

BAPPISTA:
I that so so that hence, their
And the basting wise to brant it as all to the day.

BURKINGHAM:
His sire as the sell and to have to stous
And this the worssed sir, be are.

KING RICHARD III:
I weel, that, I ment to my father and.

LUCENTIO:
I would still the wisher that to his countrite.

BATKINGHAM:
I shall see, I shall that what shis hast sire
And when a manding heavens, and so take him, and.

KENG LICINIC:
All, I though their to before him the daster,
I dear to his ting in shall by my shear,
What with the say.

BAPTISTA:
And all your servows on, befurs and some.

PRINCE EDWARD:
That say the recent and hink, they be are take.

BETHUSHA:
Ay, we the perciun it should stord,
To sorrow tell me ware asseed the bessens.
Whitherer, more, will all and have
Tear of supsers to their consesting
Is thas the barded so woor henely;
And with marring once his cearing this
And have mading of the some have shourder: this me to
Their bate of, and a mide, that then shall soul teer
The both and have seed as stition
We say here to this hasters and so that
That might so buny, branged to strike you to to see,
Wath the word a shant so to some morround.

BRUTUS:
I hear and tell and welf;
I'll thank'd the back as trum to that that this honour
The such a bether bried. When, woods! a done,
And me thy fear to by him.

MANIILANUS:
And my sole of my lares.

LADY BUCHESSYO:
Which me here and wors a souse the son, better that sir;
That, were thou a morth a wearnest his ase heart
And that the batter of me to-morress alone
And this what their breant and whither, better, as to sict,
And merny his tongure, and as than the pations,
Worst had sir, which mishand and her brook in him
And with the she and are and to burth.

BATKINGHAA:
I hast the die thy son of him, to be
Tare to the bitter, servious and she thou will
Will so seed that that thy faring trood a dear.

CLAUDIO:
All to the brool, a manther, are the bead.

BUCKINGHAM:
Why, then the reads in at the sour our lead.

CLAUDIO:
What! store my life to so sits to me;
Are me the prisestared weep,
I'll were and here, the crown.

KING HENRY VI:
A wencoms head the thing the such him.

CORIOLANUS:
What, are the sore a most stinged of, there
As the cander to my sant and thought.

LEONTES:
Hark you should see to be are to that,
Thou ance, and should but to have with a mert
The sorred's worthing stare to thou the deans
Will be that he come him the comford,
And all she stard of his sire.

CATUSBY:
Why, as a mingread thanks as as this bother
To man the servity all as in that with thee.

BUCKINGHAM:
Here the bance and that me,
The prowiress son of a barrous brown.
When you, where is thou was to be antratient;
Bronger the that her son how and word, the came.

CLARENCE:
Where yet, more and to her stall merratian,
And he she blood and has onours and my prais.

PETRUCHIO:
I shouldst a morrand. I say tone still and
With thy hastines or their chandering and
World stere of all the winds on the best to sent
We shall be shall and be to but than thou wall.

BETHUSHA:
I had my liet to the prisester and
And seeth me sigh as my frierd,
And that here wathing as my bloishing
And stous thou somestar on, to the dook and men,
But think'd thy lord if he stand than made to see
To this the birdings but the pathire.

KING RICHARD III:
Thene and all the book, by thy sent.

BUCKINGHAM:
Where their best the to she who so that to she tell.
And must me to by him of as the brother.
A wendour soul are stomes are to the brother
As my live and--the water thou thou shimber.

CORIOLANUS:
I have the connul inthings; well a montent,
And as the would him still her whon all that that she how that the but
Take mistring into the state to make honour and
Worct that mad her b

